video people welcome to
this extra episode here is about the
the easter egg from minecraft in
borderlands 2 and you have to go in
the caustic kevins go
you already notice I'm here alone, it
is really just about this here
to uncover an easter egg and have a look
to show what that looks like
I can also do alone because
does not have to know about it
then we can be a bit below us
store a bit
it's really just here in the
cost in the last consequence we were
Already here that is from Jerry Hall is coming
down here and then that 's it
lowers for the time being before episode 9
I'm just talking about shit
on everything and I do not do any here now
mission or something I really just want
that one thing shows you that works and
Therefore I let the monster just once
lie left and you run
her right around when you come in directly
right just hold right once
by running through this little customer
here
sounds like this little river
I have to go here we have to go here
in the upper corner so ingo here or
There was no need to go there
I'll try it on the map
mark that namely here
as I said monster left live
as long as they do not break me
it does not matter
then you have to go here once
By this point , they come out
then you have to go through this weird one
by the monsters do not follow you either
if the
amazon goes in or baseless
little
that's the wall street , so to speak
I do not know if I can do this here
want to accelerate or not
check it out then we had it here yes
these gates opened last time with the
with this
in schmiden because of me tell them when
then you can go through this tunnel here
through or else the outside is around
I'll also be
and then comes the shot of this
to the outer end of the map
then northwestern end of the card
just here
hold her right up
down this block over here
in here and we can already see that
very much after minecraft with the
melee attack that is only earth of
Therefore, we are through and
then comes back in here
So it does not take you when I'm here
The coal mining is just such an image
what do we have here?
a flu how cool is that yet
a fever
another one
hh
I hate the minecraft is well with you
how i hate pia and the gold
Brocken give you a babysitter and
the cool thing about it is so here
things that raise the gold here
fall mostly or just winter
took ammunition and there are these
gold blocks over here and we bring
you can break money and what
Also scenery finds here such a clippers
layer you talk head customization and one
skin adjustment for the command
unfortunately I do not have that if one
just once everything and you see here
there is still something else here
apart from that
Here 's another wall over money
If you break with grenades, you will break it
do I can not believe somewhere
must still be iridium can be found here
namely I've seen anywhere so
many blocks then as I give them
yes not my strength but remains
included government if you go to
antique also just short developments
suffered here does not have to get out but gold
there is still so much
yes in any case with the skin adaptation
can you if you have a command now
you could let it look like
steve from minecraft yes that's it with the
minecraft easter egg roll 12 i hope
you like now if yes then you can
let their yes brother
then i will see you in the future
again easter eggs show the way in
Borderlands 2 gives skin to people
next time radius